Add desktop breaking change note (#6722)
mattermost/docs: source/install/self-managed-changelog.md

### Important Upgrade Notes
 - Improved performance on data retention ``DeleteOrphanedRows`` queries. See the [Important Upgrade Notes](https://docs.mattermost.com/upgrade/important-upgrade-notes.html) for notes on a new migration that was added. Removed feature flag ``DataRetentionConcurrencyEnabled``. Data retention now runs without concurrency in order to avoid any performance degradation. Added a new configuration setting ``DataRetentionSettings.RetentionIdsBatchSize``, which allows admins to to configure how many batches of IDs will be fetched at a time when deleting orphaned reactions. The default value is 100.

>  - Modifield OAuth/SAML flows to include ``desktop_login`` where applicable. This change makes Desktop v5.2 and below incompatible with server v9.1 and later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Minimum supported Desktop App version is now v5.3. OAuth/SAML flows were modified to include ``desktop_login`` which makes earlier versions incompatible.
```
